obviously you need crazy flexible
hamstrings in order to do this but if
you
order you're missing out on crazy
flexible hips for most
bid and it's all hamstring flexibility
it looks beautiful for dancers but it's
much more useful and athletic to have
toes down hips relatively forward and an
even balance between hamstring and hip
flexor flexibility just two stretches
the deepest split squat you can do
emphasis on keeping the back leg all the
way straight and of course the good old
lunge once that last stretch is a little
too easy lift that back leg and hips
down bounce back and forth for a few
sets of 15 slow reps obviously on both
sides then 30 second holds and over time
this right here could turn into this
right here and if you can't do a split
yet like most people out there you'll be
way ahead of the game with crazy
flexible hip flexors sounds like a win
to me check out my free ebooks stay
Flexi